# CS-360-Project-Three
# Briefly summarize the requirements and goals of the app you developed. What user needs was this app designed to address? The goal of my app is to allow users to watch their weight an set up goals to acheive the weight they desire and help them losing the etra weight within a reasoable timeframe. 
# What screens and features were necessary to support user needs and produce a user-centered UI for the app? How did your UI designs keep users in mind? Why were your designs successful?   there are login, weight screens that a re required to start with which gathers user information and helps the app to suggest plans.
# How did you approach the process of coding your app? What techniques or strategies did you use? How could those techniques or strategies be applied in the future? in the beggining I was all over the place with the developent but slowly i learned that if i just focus on one feature and functionality at a time it will save me more time and ensures that funationaioty is working.
# How did you test to ensure your code was functional? Why is this process important, and what did it reveal? i constantly ran my app during the development and check the live view of the app which helped me with visualization of the screen i am developing and also check the issues.
# Consider the full app design and development process from initial planning to finalization. Where did you have to innovate to overcome a challenge? During the development process i encounter many challenges and i had to look at the challenges from a diffenret angle to find the issue and also at some point i had to ask for help from my instructor.
# In what specific component of your mobile app were you particularly successful in demonstrating your knowledge, skills, and experience? the component that i was able to successfully develo was the login page and functionality of the login button and connecting it to a database. my app is far from complete but it demonstrates the basic functionlity and starting point of the application.
